Player: ELMLE
Port: prboom-plus 2.5.1.5
Run: ETERNALL.WAD D2ALL UV-Speed
Time: 2:18:54
-----Notes-----
Given the length of this run I played it pretty safe throughout, still had quite a few close calls.
Maps 1 through 4 are pretty reset heavy, after that its (mostly)smooth sailing until about map 19.
Lets go over what went wrong...

Map 03: Ran into some issue where I couldn't stop moving forward, I think its related to me using
livesplit and possibly clicking out of the window during intermission screen.
Haven't had this issue before switching to v2.5.1.5.

Map 04: Killed some unnecessary enemies near the start because I was considering getting the secret
soulsphere but I ended up skipping it.

Map 07: Cacodemon teleporting right in my face as i fire a rocket...

Map 09: Enemies getting in my way(and nearly killed me) in the last area.

Map 11: Misjudged how much damage I did to the cybers at the end, I also may have taken a bathroom break
during the intermission screen.

Map 12: Came up with a safe way of getting yellow key because I was unable to consistently
get out of the cage like ToD did in the IL.
I backtrack for a megasphere after getting to the exit because I need to have about 320+ total
health when entering the next level for the voodoo doll to survive the death exit.

Map 15: Screwed up the bfg strat in the chaingunner cage so I lost a bunch of health.
Cybers were not cooperating at the exit.

Map 32: Had the same issue as in map 3.

Map 17: Door + Rocket = Bad

Map 19: Got absolutely demolished by some rev rockets but luckily managed to go back for a berserk pack.
Then lost souls appeared from somewhere while fighting the cyber, never saw those in practice.
Tried to get the green armor but failed miserably and gave up.

Map 20: Some minor panicking.

Map 22: Getting blasted at the exit.

Map 23: Did a ridiculous accidental archvile dodge after red portal.

Map 25: Trouble with the blue key and the fire didn't go away in the "trapped office" for some reason.

Map 26: Clearing enemies at the start so the voodoo doll doesn't get pushed back into the crusher.
Failing my "skip" in the yellow key building for like a full minute, giving up and going the normal
way instead. Almost got killed after grabbing the blue key.

Map 27: A door got closed that wasn't supposed to get closed, monsters probably messed with it somehow.

All in all, took me less than 40 attempts. I'm gonna be happy with that.